{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\cf1\lang1048\ul\f0\fs48 CROSSOVER  HELP\par
\cf2\ulnone\fs24 by D.C.M. SOFT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf3\f1\fs40 G\f0\fs32  \fs20 Attention: This document is in Rich Text\lang1033  Format and is practically guaranteed not to contain any macro                            \tab           viruses. Do read the disclaimer, though.\cf2\lang1048\fs24\par
\par
\cf3\lang1033\f1\fs32 &\f0  \cf4\ul HISTORY\cf1\lang1048\b\fs24\par
\cf2\ulnone\b0 This program is based on a very old video game that was first seen  in arcade halls and portable game systems, then on more advanced machines, like the ZX Spectrum, etc. Unfortunately, in today's world of 1st-person 3D games, strategic simulations and flight simulators, everybody tends to forget these old, but fun games and play all of that 3D stuff, which seems fun at the beginning, but which hides behind the realism and the dazzling special FX the same old ideas. This PC version, written by D.C.M. SOFT, ressurects this good ol'game with new graphics and sound to show you that even old arcade games can be fun nowadays. I'm not asking you to delete all the new 3D games from your hard drive (and thus increase the free space by 1500 MB \lang1024\f1 J\lang1048\f0  ). Just take a break from your F-29 flight simulator and enjoy this nice colurful game when you need to play something simple, that doesn't require 23 commands just to get from one place to another \lang1024\f1 J\lang1048\f0 . And if \b you\b0  don't like it, see if your kids do...\par
\pard\ri-779\nowidctlpar\tx9088\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf5\lang1033\f1\fs32 J\f0  \cf4\ul HOW TO PLAY\par
\pard\ri-7\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx8647\cf0\lang1048\ulnone\fs24 The idea behind this game is extremely simple: you, a pedestrian, have to cross a street and a river while avoiding the hazards such as cars, motorcycles, boats, waves and alligators. If you get hit by one of these, an ambulance will come and save you in the nick of time (this means that the action doesn\rquote t take place in Romania, heh heh\'85) and you will be returned to the bottom of the screen to try again. \b However\b0 , you can only be saved 5 times. If you get hit and have no chances left (shown on the bottom of the screen), well\'85 \ldblquote Sorry, we did all we could\'85\rdblquote  Anyway, when you get to the other side, a bonus is given to you based on the time you took to get there, and then you start again on the bottom of the screen in the next, more difficult level. In D.C.M. SOFT\rquote s new version, many surprises will await you as you progress trough the levels, so keep an eye out for these!\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\fs20\par
\cf6\f1\fs32 7\cf5\f0  \cf4\ul CONTROLS\par
\cf2\ulnone\fs24 You can control the pedestrian \b only \b0 with the keyboard, and access higher game functions (such as New game, Options, etc.) with the keyboard or mouse. Joystick control is not implemented. Press the \b left arrow\b0  or the \b right arrow\b0  keys to step to the left or right and the \b up arrow\b0  and \b down arrow\b0  to move forwards or backwards. If the game area wrap option is ON, exiting trough the left or right side of the screen will cause you to appear on the other side (it is assumed that the road and river are somehow \ldblquote circular\rdblquote ), if it\rquote s not then you won\rquote t be allowed to move outside the playing region. The commands and options you can access trough the menus should be self-explainatory, so they won\rquote t be discussed here. And, by the way, the game automatically pauses when you work with something outside the game window or when you click on any of the pull-down menus.\par
\par
\cf3\f1\fs32 <\f0  \cf4\ul REQUIREMENTS\par
\cf2\ulnone\fs24 Unfortunately, the requirements for this game are pretty high, but let\rquote s not forget that this is Windows(\'a9\'ae\'99,etc.). Windows(\'a9\'ae\'99,etc.) is slooooooowww and writing dynamic arcade games for it isn\rquote t easy, especially since I don\rquote t know how to access the features of DirectX(\'99\'a9, whatever). The display is limited to 16 colors, since it provides the fastest bitmap transfer and it kinda reminds you of the old computer systems where 16 colors were very high-tech for that time. However, I think that by today \b anyone \b0 should have at least what is required for this program:\par
\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\ri-566\nowidctlpar\tx360 PC or compatible computer system\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360 486 DX4 processor at 66 Mhz (mine has a turbo mode of 133 Mhz on which this game was conceived)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Microsoft\'99 Windows(\'99\'ae\'a9,etc.) 95 or any other OS that can run Windows\'99 programs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}VGA or SVGA video card supporting the 640x480x16 video mode (you can play the game on any higher screen&color resolution, but it might get slower)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A standard keyboard (preferably with the "inverted-T" arrow-key group)\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A continously-updated raster display such as a monitor (no, it won\rquote t work on your printer \lang1024\f1 J\lang1033\f0  )\par
{\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Wordpad\'99 in your Windows\'99 directory (with the name "WRITE.EXE") and the Symbol and Wingdings fonts to view this document properly\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar (I don't think that it's necessary to remind you that all of these have to be in working order and connected to the computer... \lang1024\f1 J\lang1033\f0 )\par
Optionally, for added features, you can use:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\fs20\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360\fs24 Any processor better than the 586, provided that it supports its old, non-MMX instructions\fs20\par
\fs24 {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}Some type of soundcard to play sounds and MIDI music in the background. The Windows\'99 sound system needs to be MCI-compatible for this (it usually is)\fs20\par
\fs24 {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A mouse, for easier menu control\fs20\par
\fs24 {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}A virtual-reality PC emulator which will be written in the year 2195 for all of those nostalgics out there... \lang1024\f1 J\lang1033\f0\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf2\f1\fs32 :\f0  \cf4\ul PROGRAMMER'S INFO\par
\cf2\ulnone\fs24 If you\rquote re just an ordinary user and you don\rquote t belong to the strange world of programming, you can skip this section, \lquote cause I\rquote ll be talking both in English and in Borland Pascal\'99. The main program was written by D.C.M. SOFT in about a week (the graphics and documents took longer to build) and used a freeware MCI-interfacing unit. As you would expect, the main window uses its own device context (thus speeding up graphic output by 30%) and intercepts several windows messages. It would have been possible to implement a special sound interface which allows multiple wave sounds (and possible WaveTable emulation \lang1024\f1 J\lang1033\f0 )  if it weren\rquote t for Windows\'99\rquote s paranoia which doesn\rquote t let me change the speed of the timer interrupt. I\rquote d sure like to find out how port-intercepting is done, though\'85 \par
The graphics are packed nicely in a few bitmaps (thank God for the source DC X and Y offset options) and no virtual/fake screen is used.On fast systems, vertical-retrace-waits can slow the program down to a playable speed and make the cars move smoothly.\par
\b\par
NOTE\b0 : There is also a DOS version available for this game (by D.C.M. SOFT too, of course). It runs in 320x200x16 colors and I think it can run in Windows\'99 95 (in full screen mode, \b NOT\b0  in a window). The sprites are obviously  uglier and not very well-sized (it was inspired by the ZX Spectrum version) and the sound comes out trough the PC speaker (uggghhh!!). Note that the texts are in Romanian (I didn\rquote t have time to make an English version). The good part is that it  runs on lesser processors and on any VGA card. You can export it by clicking the appropriate button in the About box of this game\rquote s Windows\'99 version.\par
Oh, BTW, to who it may concern: \b No, \b0 you\rquote re \b not\b0  getting the source code (well, maybe for the DOS version).\par
\cf0\fs20\par
\cf5\f1\fs32 4\f0  \cf4\ul LEGAL STUFF\par
\cf2\ulnone\fs24 This program was written in 1999 by D.C.M. SOFT. The standard disclaimer applies:\par
\b This program is used on your own risk. D.C.M. SOFT is NOT responsible for ANY sort of damages to ANYONE or ANYTHING caused by the use, mis-use, unability to use, fitness or non-fitness to a particular purpose or even existence of this program. \b0 In other words: If it blows up in your face, it\rquote s your problem, not mine.\par
This program is 100% \b FREEWARE\b0 . Let me repeat that: \b F-R-E-E-W-A-R-E.\b0  You can use this program \b for as long as you want\b0  without having to pay a single cent to the author and you can also distribute this to any friends of yours, you can put it on a BBS, on the \lquote Net, etc. \b HOWEVER, \b0 you must still respect the following conditions:\par
\par
\pard {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360\b DON\rquote T\b0  modify the program and/or any of its resources and documentations because that makes you a standard, 100% pure lamer. Have some dignity and don\rquote t tamper with the program.\par
\b {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}DON\rquote T\b0  stuff it with all sorts of viruses, trojans or logic bombs. People who play these games don\rquote t deserve it. If you want your friends to praise you for what a great virus maker you are, attack somebody who deserves having his computer trashed.\par
\b {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}DON\rquote T \b0 sell this game or use it to make any kind or profit. This game is \b FREEWARE \b0 and it\rquote s gonna stay that way (trust me, you wouldn\rquote t win much off selling this old stuff anyway)\par
\b {\pntext\f2\'b7\tab}DON\rquote T\b0  be a lamer. Respect these conditions. If you really wanna hack something, there\rquote s plenty of Shareware out there\'85\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Oh, I almost forgot: Microsoft\'99, Windows\'ae\'99, the Windows\'99 logo (\f1\'ff\f0 ), DirectX\'99, Borland Pascal\'99, and any other trademarks mentioned in this document are property of their respective owners. If I left somebody out, my apologies, as it was purely unintentional.\par
\par
\cf7\f1\fs32 *\cf5\f0  \cf4\ul P.S.\par
\cf2\ulnone\fs24 I sure know my English, huh ?\par
}
 