Letter Eater
============

Timeline
--------

Original date has been lost; probably somewhere between 1997 and 2000.

Description
-----------

This is an implementation of a very old and well-known game idea. My inspiration
at the time came from the 'Run Away' minigame in a typing tutorial program
called WinType.

You're being chased by a baddie and the only way to move is to correctly type
the letters that appear randomly on the playing field, causing you to teleport
to their location (hopefully away from the baddie) and consume them. You also
get bonus points for consuming 'fresher' letters that have been on the playing
field for a shorter period of time.

I distincly remember that I made this for the ladies at my mother's office. She
told me that they would love to see a game made by me, and this is what I came
up with. This is also why it features a rather detailed help screen and a
somewhat more user-friendly interface than usual.

Technical notes
---------------

The programming is, of course, awful. A key feature of my coding 'skills' at the
time was my ignorance of proper subroutine support. Much like one would do in
ZX Spectrum BASIC (whose influence I had not yet escaped), I used GOSUBs and
resorted to various bizarre tricks for passing parameters (global variables,
packing multiple values in strings etc.).

Note the use of direct writes to the speaker port for the generation of sound
effects.

Emulation notes
---------------

You need to set DOSBox to "fixed cycles" mode (around 20K cycles should suffice)
before running the program. This is particularly important for Letter Eater
because the program does a rough system speed check at the beginning in order
to calibrate delays in the sound effects routines.

You also need to edit the path$ variable at the beginning of the file, so that
it points to the directory where you have your LETT_EAT.CFG file. The ending
slash is required. Note that the program can't generate another one if you
delete it.


